[docs] [ENG-11196] Update docs for custom builds (#27255)
expo/expo: docs/pages/custom-builds/schema.mdx

  href="https://github.com/expo/eas-build/blob/main/packages/build-tools/src/steps/functions/startIosSimulator.ts"
/>

#### `eas/send_slack_message`

> Sends a specified message to a configured Slack webhook URL, which then posts it in the related Slack channel.
> For more information on how to use Slack webhooks check [Slack documentation](https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sends a specified message to a configured [Slack webhook URL](https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks), which then posts it in the related Slack channel.
```

No need to explicitly call out slack's docs here. We can just link it to the keyword in the first sentence.

    - eas/send_slack_message:
        if: ${ success() }
        name: Send Slack message when the build succeeds
        inputs:
          message: |
            This is a test message when build succeeds
```

| Input               | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `message`           | **string** The text of the message you want to be sent. Example: `'This is the content of the message'`<br />**Note:** You can reference build job properties and other steps outputs in the message for dynamic evaluation. Examples: `'Build URL: ${ eas.job.expoBuildUrl }'`, `Build finished with status: ${ steps.run_fastlane.status_text }`, `Build failed with error: ${ steps.run_gradle.error_text }`. For more information see [Use output from one step to another](/custom-builds/schema/#use-output-from-one-step-to-another)                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `message` | **string** The text of the message you want to send. For example, `'This is the content of the message'`.<br /> <br />**Note:** You can reference build job properties and [use other steps outputs](#use-output-from-one-step-to-another) in the message for dynamic evaluation. For example, `'Build URL: ${ eas.job.expoBuildUrl }'`, `Build finished with status: ${ steps.run_fastlane.status_text }`, `Build failed with error: ${ steps.run_gradle.error_text }`. |
```

- Let's break down the note properly from the definition of the property
- Also, highlight the link instead of adding context for using output from one step to another. Use the page's internal link here since the table also exists on the same page as output from one step to another section
- Update verbiage for consistency.

> | `slack_hook_url`    | **string** The URL of the previously configured Slack webhook URL, which will post your message to the specified channel. You can provide the plain URL like `slack_hook_url: 'https://hooks.slack.com/services/[rest_of_hook_url]'`, use EAS secrets like `slack_hook_url: ${ eas.env.ANOTHER_SLACK_HOOK_URL }`, or set `SLACK_HOOK_URL` secret which will serve as a default webhook URL - in this case you don't need to provide `slack_hook_url` input. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `slack_hook_url` | **string** The URL of the previously configured Slack webhook URL, which will post your message to the specified channel. You can provide the plain URL like `slack_hook_url: 'https://hooks.slack.com/services/[rest_of_hook_url]'`, use EAS secrets like `slack_hook_url: ${ eas.env.ANOTHER_SLACK_HOOK_URL }`, or set the `SLACK_HOOK_URL` secret, which will serve as a default webhook URL (in this last case, there is no need to provide `slack_hook_url` input). |
```

  href="https://github.com/expo/eas-build/blob/main/packages/build-tools/src/steps/functions/startIosSimulator.ts"
/>

#### `eas/send_slack_message`

Sends a specified message to a configured Slack webhook URL, which then posts it in the related Slack channel.

> For more information on how to use Slack webhooks go to [Sending messages using incoming webhooks](https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on how to use Slack webhooks check [Slack documentation](https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks).
```
What do you think?

```yaml send-slack-message.yml
build:
  name: Slack your team from custom build
  steps:
    # @info #
    - eas/send_slack_message:
        name: Send Slack message to a given webhook URL
        inputs:
          message: 'This is a message to plain input URL'
          slack_hook_url: 'https://hooks.slack.com/services/[rest_of_hook_url]'
    # @end #

>     # @info #

Reviewer 3: There is not that much value in highlighting the whole actions code, especially without a descriptions.

Let's remove the highlight fully or retain the highlight on important action parts, preferably with tooltips for docs readers.

Author: I'll leave it one to indicate which is the described function and remove the rest

    # @end #
    # @info #
    - eas/send_slack_message:
        if: ${ success() }
        name: Send Slack message when the build succeeds
        inputs:
          message: |
            This is a test message when build succeeds
    # @end #
```

| Input               | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `message`           | **string** The text of the message you want to be sent. Example: `'This is the content of the message'`<br />**Note:** You can reference build job properties and other steps outputs in the message for dynamic evaluation. Examples: `'Build URL: ${ eas.job.expoBuildUrl }'`, `Build finished with status: ${ steps.run_fastlane.status_text }`, `Build failed with error: ${ steps.run_gradle.error_text }`. For more information see [Use output from one step to another](https://docs.expo.dev/custom-builds/schema/#use-output-from-one-step-to-another)                                             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `message`           | **string** The text of the message you want to be sent. Example: `'This is the content of the message'`<br />**Note:** You can reference build job properties and other steps outputs in the message for dynamic evaluation. Examples: `'Build URL: ${ eas.job.expoBuildUrl }'`, `Build finished with status: ${ steps.run_fastlane.status_text }`, `Build failed with error: ${ steps.run_gradle.error_text }`. For more information see [Use output from one step to another](/custom-builds/schema/#use-output-from-one-step-to-another)                                             |
```
